Make `vim.pack.get()` return data about updates (#39820)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/pack.txt

        • {branches}? (`string[]`) Available Git branches (first is default).
          Missing if `info=false`.
        • {path} (`string`) Plugin's path on disk.
        • {rev} (`string`) Current Git revision. Taken from
          |vim.pack-lockfile| if `info=false`.

>         • {rev_version}? (`string`) Git revision of a resolved `spec.version`.

Reviewer: I don't get why `resolved spec.version` is mentioned here. The `rev` field is/was also resolved from a spec.version, right...?

```suggestion
        • {rev_version}? (`string`) Git revision of a pending update.
```

Author: > The `rev` field is/was also resolved from a spec.version, right...?

[Not quite](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/pull/39820#issuecomment-4470849345).
